README.md, before:

# Sinestraction
![Version - 0.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.0.1-9F2B68?style=for-the-badge)

**Sinestraction** is the latest craze melting brains throughout schools everywhere

# Listen
Math is a boring construct made by Big Education to turn you into an assembly line worker- *BUT* it's also really cool to look at...

## Enter Sinestraction

For too long the beauty of mathematics has been gate kept by nobel laureates. Now for the first time ever, thanks to **Sinestraction** you can enjoy the miracle of numbers for yourself.

![Demo!](https://media.giphy.com/media/MDDlbpnA3mSVbRhybS/giphy.gif)

Watch the waves *dance* as you gleam on in envy with a boatload of features, including but not limited to

 - Adjustable **scale**, and **frequency**
 - Dynamic **scalability** to be as big as your heart (or your monitor) can take
 - Play with the smoothing of the graph by adjusting the **split factor**
 - **Stop, start and speed up** time as you see fit
 - Add **additional waves** so the party never ends
 - See the action up close and personal with **wireframes**
 - See the latest in graphics technology with our wave **shadows**

 Not to mention so much more to come!

## What are you waiting for?

I know, it seems too good to believe, but believe me, it's all ***!false***

Download instructions to come, whole project is made with **LÖVE 11.4** and if that means anything to you you can probably build and run this just fine as it is.

:)

Commit message:

v0.0.2
Changed menus around again,
updated README.md
added function display underneath version

README.md, after:

# Sinestraction
![Version - 0.0.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.0.1-9F2B68?style=for-the-badge)

**Sinestraction** is the latest craze melting brains throughout schools everywhere

# Listen
Math is a boring construct made by Big Education to turn you into an assembly line worker- *BUT* it's also really cool to look at...

## Enter Sinestraction

For too long the beauty of mathematics has been gate kept by nobel laureates. Now for the first time ever, thanks to **Sinestraction** you can enjoy the miracle of numbers for yourself.

![Demo!](https://media.giphy.com/media/MDDlbpnA3mSVbRhybS/giphy.gif)

Watch the waves *dance* as you gleam on in envy with a boatload of features, including but not limited to

 - Adjustable **scale**, and **frequency**
 - Dynamic **scalability** to be as big as your heart (or your monitor) can take
 - Play with the smoothing of the graph by adjusting the **split factor**
 - **Stop, start and speed up** time as you see fit
 - Add **additional waves** so the party never ends
 - See the action up close and personal with **wireframes**
 - See the latest in graphics technology with our wave **shadows**

 Not to mention so much more to come!

## Controls
|Command|Function|
|--|--|
|+/-| Increases and decreases **movement** of wave|
| up/down | Increases and decreases **magnitude** of wave|
|left/right| Changes the waves **frequency**|
|A/D| Modifies the **height** of the function|
|L-SHIFT| Change the waves fill mode to **wireframe**|
|TAB| Enable the rendering of a complementary **cosine** wave|
|SPACE| Enable or disable **drop shadows** on wave|
|ENTER| Toggles **fullscreen** (dynamic resolution)|
|ALT| Toggles the visibility of **menus**|
|ESCAPE| **Closes** the program|

## What are you waiting for?

I know, it seems too good to believe, but believe me, it's all ***!false***

Download instructions to come, whole project is made with **LÖVE 11.4** and if that means anything to you you can probably build and run this just fine as it is.

:)
